# PHBS_BlockChain_2018

## 1.Introduction

The operation of modern financial system can not be separated from the support of credit. Credit investigation, as a key link in the credit system, lays the foundation of financial credit risk management. With the advent of the era of big data and the rise of Internet finance, the problems of asymmetric credit information, limited data acquisition channels and weak data privacy protection in traditional credit reporting industry are becoming more and more serious.
Block chains shield the complex connection-building mechanism at the bottom by distributed storage, point-to-point transmission, consensus mechanism and encryption algorithm. Through peer-to-peer direct connection, secure communication and anonymous protection at the upper level, block chains can accelerate the breaking of the industry ice of "information island", accelerate the aggregation and precipitation of credit data in various industries, strengthen the privacy protection of user data, and establish consensus trust at low cost. Ren, with a new model to stimulate the industry's new format and new power, has broad prospects for development in the field of credit reporting. However, there are also some problems in block chains, such as loss or leakage of private key, forgetting of user data, existing information system management regulations and credit supervision system, etc. There is a long way to go for block chains to be applied in the field of credit investigation.
